Update C++ rules (#3220)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S6195/cfamily/rule.adoc

== Why is this an issue?

`std::enable_if` is a very important part of template meta-programming in {cpp} up to {cpp}17. Based on SFINAE ("Substitution Failure Is Not An Error"), it can be used to subtly tune the behavior of overload resolution based on properties of types.

> However, using `std::enable_if` correctly is not easy and requires skills and experience for a resulting code that is not straightforward. Since {cpp}20, new features offer first-class support for what used to require `enable_if` trickery:

Reviewer: I'd strengthen this point by mentioning issues with maintenance and using `std::` consistently.
```suggestion
However, using `std::enable_if` correctly is not easy and requires skills and experience for a resulting code that is not straightforward and costly to maintain. Since {cpp}20, new features offer first-class support for what used to require `std::enable_if` trickery:
```

The second sentence can also be slightly simplified, maybe?
```suggestion
However, using `std::enable_if` correctly is not easy and requires skills and experience for a resulting code that is not straightforward and costly to maintain. Since {cpp}20, new features replace complex uses of `std::enable_if`:
```

* Concepts allow defining named constraints on types, using a terse syntax to specify that a template argument must adhere to a concept;
* `requires` clauses can be directly written for one-shot constraints;
* In some cases, using `if constexpr` (introduced in {cpp}17) may replace an overload set with just one function (see S6017).

Additionally, since those features provide a higher level of abstraction, compilers understand them better and can provide more straightforward diagnostics when a constraint is violated.

> Consequently, `std::enable_if` is no longer the right tool and should be replaced with those facilities. Note that the replacement is not always mechanical: The expression controlling a `std::enable_if` would probably be acceptable as a `requires` condition, but better alternatives usually exist, for instance, reusing an existing concept defined in the standard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Consequently, `std::enable_if` is no longer the right tool and should be replaced with those facilities. Note that the replacement is not always mechanical: The expression controlling a `std::enable_if` would probably be acceptable as a `requires` condition. However, better alternatives usually exist, for instance, by reusing an existing concept defined in the standard.
```

Author: I have rewritten the paragraph in https://github.com/SonarSource/rspec/pull/3220/commits/e9661619708b5fe4fe64bf1d115fa94f416bd6b6. WDYT?

Reviewer: Looks great!
